

# Store


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**links** | [**Links**](Links.md) |  |  [optional]
**address** | [**Address2**](Address2.md) |  |  [optional]
**businessLineIds** | **List&lt;String&gt;** | The unique identifiers of the [business lines](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/#/legalentity/latest/post/businesslines__resParam_id) that the store is associated with.  If not specified, the business line of the merchant account is used. Required when there are multiple business lines under the merchant account. |  [optional]
**description** | **String** | The description of the store. |  [optional]
**externalReferenceId** | **String** | When using the Zip payment method: The location ID that Zip has assigned to your store. |  [optional]
**id** | **String** | The unique identifier of the store. This value is generated by Adyen. |  [optional]
**merchantId** | **String** | The unique identifier of the merchant account that the store belongs to. |  [optional]
**phoneNumber** | **String** | The phone number of the store, including &#39;+&#39; and country code. |  [optional]
**reference** | **String** | A reference to recognize the store by. Also known as the store code.  Allowed characters: Lowercase and uppercase letters without diacritics, numbers 0 through 9, hyphen (-), and underscore (_) |  [optional]
**shopperStatement** | **String** | The store name shown on the shopper&#39;s bank or credit card statement and on the shopper receipt. |  [optional]
**splitConfiguration** | [**StoreSplitConfiguration**](StoreSplitConfiguration.md) |  |  [optional]
**status** | [**StatusEnum**](#StatusEnum) | The status of the store. Possible values are:  - **active**. This value is assigned automatically when a store is created.  - **inactive**. The terminals under the store are blocked from accepting new transactions, but capturing outstanding transactions is still possible. - **closed**. This status is irreversible. The terminals under the store are reassigned to the merchant inventory. |  [optional]



## Enum: StatusEnum

Name | Value
---- | -----
ACTIVE | &quot;active&quot;
CLOSED | &quot;closed&quot;
INACTIVE | &quot;inactive&quot;



